Docs: Fedramp updates (#41344)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/access-controls/compliance-frameworks/fedramp.mdx

Teleport includes FedRAMP and FIPS 140-2 features to support companies that sell into
government agencies.

> ### Access Controls

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Access controls
```
Headings in the docs use sentence case: https://github.com/gravitational/docs/blob/main/docs-contributors/style-guide.md#headings

											
|  Control | Teleport Features |
| - | - |
| [AC-02 Account Management]((=fedramp.control_url=)AC-02) | Audit events are emitted in the Auth Service when a user is created, updated, deleted, locked, or unlocked. |

> | [AC-03 Access Enforcement]((=fedramp.control_url=)AC-03) | Teleport Enterprise supports robust [Role-based Access Controls (RBAC)](../../access-controls/introduction.mdx) to: <br/>• Control which SSH nodes a user can or cannot access. <br/>• Control cluster level configuration (session recording, configuration, etc.) <br/>• Control which UNIX logins a user is allowed to use when logging into a server. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [AC-03 Access Enforcement]((=fedramp.control_url=)AC-03) | Teleport Enterprise supports robust [Role-based Access Controls (RBAC)](../../access-controls/introduction.mdx) to: <br/>• Control which infrastructure resources a user can or cannot access. <br/>• Control cluster level configuration (session recording, configuration, etc.) <br/>• Control which UNIX logins a user is allowed to use when logging into a server. |
```

> | [AC-07 Unsuccessful Logon Attempts]((=fedramp.control_url=)AC-07) |  Teleport Enterprise supports robust [Role-based Access Controls (RBAC)](../../access-controls/introduction.mdx) to: <br/>• Control which SSH nodes a user can or cannot access. <br/>• Control cluster level configuration (session recording, configuration, etc.) <br/>• Control which UNIX logins a user is allowed to use when logging into a server. |	Teleport supports two types of users: local and SSO-based accounts (GitHub, Google Apps, Okta, etc). For local accounts, by default, Teleport locks accounts for 30 minutes after 5 failed login attempts. For SSO-based accounts, the number of invalid login attempts and lockout time period is controlled by the SSO provider. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [AC-07 Unsuccessful Logon Attempts]((=fedramp.control_url=)AC-07) |  Teleport Enterprise supports robust [Role-based Access Controls (RBAC)](../../access-controls/introduction.mdx) to: <br/>• Control which resources a user can or cannot access. <br/>• Control cluster level configuration (session recording, configuration, etc.) <br/>• Control which UNIX logins a user is allowed to use when logging into a server. |	Teleport supports two types of users: local and SSO-based accounts (GitHub, Google Apps, Okta, etc). For local accounts, by default, Teleport locks accounts for 30 minutes after 5 failed login attempts. For SSO-based accounts, the number of invalid login attempts and lockout time period is controlled by the SSO provider. |
```

> | [AC-07 Unsuccessful Logon Attempts]((=fedramp.control_url=)AC-07) |  Teleport Enterprise supports robust [Role-based Access Controls (RBAC)](../../access-controls/introduction.mdx) to: <br/>• Control which SSH nodes a user can or cannot access. <br/>• Control cluster level configuration (session recording, configuration, etc.) <br/>• Control which UNIX logins a user is allowed to use when logging into a server. |	Teleport supports two types of users: local and SSO-based accounts (GitHub, Google Apps, Okta, etc). For local accounts, by default, Teleport locks accounts for 30 minutes after 5 failed login attempts. For SSO-based accounts, the number of invalid login attempts and lockout time period is controlled by the SSO provider. |

Reviewer 2: Looks like "Unix" is slightly more popular than "UNIX" in our docs, but I don't feel strongly either way.

```
teleport/docs on probakowski/keyboard-layout [$]
➜ ag --count Unix
pages/machine-id/reference/configuration.mdx:3
pages/includes/config-reference/ssh-service.yaml:1
pages/includes/metrics.mdx:2
pages/management/admin/labels.mdx:1
pages/management/admin/trustedclusters.mdx:1
pages/server-access/guides/host-user-creation.mdx:2
pages/server-access/guides/ssh-pam.mdx:7
pages/architecture/authorization.mdx:1
pages/reference/cli/tctl.mdx:6

teleport/docs on probakowski/keyboard-layout [$]
➜ ag --count UNIX
pages/access-controls/compliance-frameworks/fedramp.mdx:1
pages/access-controls/compliance-frameworks/soc2.mdx:1
pages/access-controls/guides/locking.mdx:1
pages/access-controls/sso.mdx:1
pages/includes/role-spec.mdx:1
pages/server-access/rbac.mdx:1
pages/architecture/authorization.mdx:1
pages/installation.mdx:1
```

Author: Updated for consistency

> | [AC-08 System Use Notification]((=fedramp.control_url=)AC-08) | Teleport Enterprise supports robust [Role-based Access Controls (RBAC)](../../access-controls/introduction.mdx) to: <br/>• Control which SSH nodes a user can or cannot access. <br/>• Control cluster level configuration (session recording, configuration, etc.) <br/>• Control which UNIX logins a user is allowed to use when logging into a server. |	Teleport integrates with Linux Pluggable Authentication Modules (PAM). PAM modules can be used to display a custom message on login using a message of the day (MOTD) module within the Session management primitive. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [AC-08 System Use Notification]((=fedramp.control_url=)AC-08) | Teleport Enterprise supports robust [Role-based Access Controls (RBAC)](../../access-controls/introduction.mdx) to: <br/>• Control which resources a user can or cannot access. <br/>• Control cluster level configuration (session recording, configuration, etc.) <br/>• Control which UNIX logins a user is allowed to use when logging into a server. |	Teleport integrates with Linux Pluggable Authentication Modules (PAM). PAM modules can be used to display a custom message on login using a message of the day (MOTD) module within the Session management primitive. |
```

Author: Updated

> | [AC-08 System Use Notification]((=fedramp.control_url=)AC-08) | Teleport Enterprise supports robust [Role-based Access Controls (RBAC)](../../access-controls/introduction.mdx) to: <br/>• Control which SSH nodes a user can or cannot access. <br/>• Control cluster level configuration (session recording, configuration, etc.) <br/>• Control which UNIX logins a user is allowed to use when logging into a server. |	Teleport integrates with Linux Pluggable Authentication Modules (PAM). PAM modules can be used to display a custom message on login using a message of the day (MOTD) module within the Session management primitive. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [AC-08 System Use Notification]((=fedramp.control_url=)AC-08) | Teleport Enterprise supports robust [Role-based Access Controls (RBAC)](../../access-controls/introduction.mdx) to: <br/>• Control which infrastructure resources a user can or cannot access. <br/>• Control cluster level configuration (session recording, configuration, etc.) <br/>• Control which UNIX logins a user is allowed to use when logging into a server. |	Teleport integrates with Linux Pluggable Authentication Modules (PAM). PAM modules can be used to display a custom message on login using a message of the day (MOTD) module within the Session management primitive. |
```

| [AC-20 Use of External Information Systems]((=fedramp.control_url=)AC-20) | Teleport supports connecting multiple independent clusters using a feature called [Trusted Clusters](../../management/admin/trustedclusters.mdx). When allowing access from one cluster to another, roles are mapped according to a pre-defined relationship of the scope of access. |

### Audit and Accountability

| Control | Teleport Features |
| - | - |
| [AU-03, AU-04, AU-12 Audit and Accountability]((=fedramp.control_url=)AU) – Content of Audit Records and [AU-12 Audit Generation]((=fedramp.control_url=)AU-12) | Teleport contains an [Audit Log](../../reference/audit.mdx) that records cluster-wide events such as: <br/>• Failed login attempts.<br/>• Commands that were executed (SSH “exec” commands).<br/> • Ports that were forwarded. <br/>• File transfers that were initiated. |
| [AU-10 Non-Repudiation]((=fedramp.control_url=)AU-10) | Teleport audit logging supports both events as well as audit of an entire SSH session. For non-repudiation purposes, a full session can be replayed back and viewed. |

> ### Configuration Management

Reviewer: This and other headings should also use sentence case

| Control | Teleport Features |
| - | - |

> | [CM-08 Information System Component Inventory]((=fedramp.control_url=)CM-08) | Teleport maintains a live list of all nodes within a cluster. This node list can be queried by users (who see a subset they have access to) and administrators any time. |

Reviewer: I think this guide predates the presence of multiple Teleport agent services (beyond the SSH Service), so it says "nodes" or "SSH nodes" where it should say something like "infrastructure resources".

Author: ✔️

### Identification and Authentication

| Control | Teleport Features |
| - | - |

> | [IA-02 Concurrent Session Control]((=fedramp.control_url=)IA-02) | Integrates with SSO providers such as GitHub, Okta, Google, etc. Acts as its own SSO provider. Enforces the use of multi-factor authentication (MFA), including requiring per-session MFA. Supports PIV-compatible hardware keys. |

Reviewer 2: We also support `max_connections` and `max_users`: https://goteleport.com/docs/management/operations/scaling/#auth-service-and-proxy-service-configuration

Author: It looks like user and connection limits aren't mandatory for the IA-02 control, but we could mention they're supported here. Thoughts, @ptgott ?

Reviewer: That sounds good to me!

| [IA-04 Identifier Management]((=fedramp.control_url=)IA-04) | Maintains several unique identifiers: local users are required to be unique (unique username), roles have unique names and tied to organization roles via SSO, identifiers for devices are unique randomly generated IDs (UUID). |
| [IA-08 Identification and Authentication (Non-Organizational Users)]((=fedramp.control_url=)IA-08) | Teleport supports PIV-compatible hardware keys. |
| [IA-03 Device Identification and Authentication]((=fedramp.control_url=)IA-03) | Teleport requires valid x509 or SSH certificates issued by a Teleport Certificate Authority (CA) to establish a network connection for device-to-device network connection between Teleport components. |

### System and Communications Protection

| Control | Teleport Features |
| - | - |
| [SC-10 Network Disconnection]((=fedramp.control_url=)SC-10) | Teleport requires valid X.509 or SSH certificates issued by a Teleport Certificate Authority (CA) to establish a network connection for device-to-device network connection between Teleport components. |

> | [SC-12 Cryptographic Key Establish and Management]((=fedramp.control_url=)SC-12) | Teleport initializes cryptographic keys that act as a Certificate Authority (CA) to further issue x509 and SSH certificates. SSH and x509 user certificates that are issued are signed by the CA and are (by default) short-lived. SSH host certificates are also signed by the CA and rotated automatically (a manual force rotation can also be performed).<br/>Teleport Enterprise builds against a FIPS 140-2 compliant library (BoringCrypto) is available. <br/>In addition, when Teleport Enterprise is in FedRAMP/FIPS 140-2 mode, Teleport will only start and use FIPS 140-2 compliant cryptography. |

Reviewer 2: I don't think SSH host certificates are rotated automatically.

Should we mention HSM support here too?

Author: HSM isn't part of SC-12 but it seems like a good thing to mention here. For the automatic cert rotation note, the same line is also in SC-17. From what I've read, FedRAMP doesn't mandate any sort of automatic certificate rotation, but from this it looks like we do support it, unless I am misunderstanding (under rotation types):
https://goteleport.com/docs/management/operations/ca-rotation/

> Semi-automatic: Teleport automatically transitions between phases of the rotation after some amount of time (known as a grace period) elapses.

(Note, if it does need to be removed we will need to update the source webpage as well: https://goteleport.com/use-cases/fedramp-compliance).

Author: - Added HSM sentence. 
- Deleted rotation lines as discussed.
